Some minor changes and additions (#80)
ankitects/anki-manual: src/studying.md

will be shown above each button. If you’d prefer not to see the
estimates, you can disable them in Anki’s [preferences](preferences.md).

## Fuzz Factor

After you select an ease button, Anki also applies a small amount of random “fuzz”
to prevent cards that were introduced at the same time and given the same ratings
from sticking together and always coming up for review on the same day. This fuzz

> appear on the interval buttons from 2.1.45+, but not in previous versions, so if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will appear on the answer buttons when the [v3 scheduler](https://faqs.ankiweb.net/the-2021-scheduler.html) is enabled, so if
```
